[Music]
well let's see if this adds up ten math
games that will boost your brainpower by
80% that's right now are you ready to
give that big brain of yours a serious
workout then welcome to our intense
bring boot camp no time for love legging
around soldier
let's hit it give me 20 number one as
with any workout let's start with a
little warm-up how many squares do you
see here you have 30 seconds to count
them all
[Music]
time's up are you ready with your answer
I hope you came up with 40 because
that's exactly how many squares big and
small are here number two get ready to
square up with another square question
how many of them can you find in this
picture an astounding 95% of people
can't find the last square here let's
see if you've got what it takes within
15 seconds come on speed up times
ticking away there are 11 squares in
this image here's how you can find them
[Music]
number three all right let's take a
break from staring at squares and give
this Pentagon a try how many triangles
does it have take your time this one's
tough you've got ten more seconds and
[Music]
the answer is drumroll please
thirty five triangles in a variety of
sizes number four this cross is hiding
something from you and that something is
perfect squares
they consists of four dots with one on
each corner so how many are there you've
got half a minute so get to counting
[Music]
the correct answer is 21 squares it's
even more than the number of dots in the
cross want to know how to find them
check it out number five how many
triangles can you find in this picture
remember all possible sizes and color
combinations count your 30 seconds start
now
[Music]
did you spot 44 in that case good for
you if you couldn't find them all here's
a map to help you out
[Music]
number six now we have one massive
triangle can you tell how many triangles
big and small fit in here you know the
drill 30 seconds on the clock
[Music]
the answer is 27 want to hear the
explanation this formula will help you
count the figures in any similar riddle
we have four triangles at the bottom of
the big one
so let's start by counting how many
triangles have a side length equal to
four we've got one such triangle here
and is facing upward now we can count
the up facing triangles with three at
the bottom and we have three of them two
on the bottom row and one up higher we
continue like that
counting the triangles with size two and
one this way we can figure out there are
20 triangles facing up in this picture
four down facing triangles will count
from the opposite direction starting
with size one there are six of them here
and just one triangle of size two facing
down
it's the largest here so after all
discounting we end up with twenty-seven
triangles in this picture number seven
after that last one your brain could
probably use a break so how about an
easy one how many circles do you see
here
three
is that your final answer I'll still
give you 15 seconds to think it over
what if it's not that simple after all
[Music]
the correct answer is 10 when I asked
you to look for circles I was talking
about the whole image text included
there are four O's in the question in
how do you and about now we're not
cheating then there's a question mark
and an exclamation mark both of which
have round dots in them add the three
obvious circles and you get ten all
right let's move on before you start
throwing things number eight let's step
things up with this 3d picture you've
got 15 seconds to decide how many blocks
are in this picture
[Music]
time's up
the answer is nine the secret here is
that there are some blocks that we can
obviously say but there are some hidden
ones below the visible blocks there's
just one block on the top row as for
middle row it has two blocks that we can
see and one that's hidden supporting the
top one the bottom row has two hidden
blocks and three obvious ones and that's
how we get nine blocks tada number nine
this one goes out to all you cat lovers
come on give this cute kitty a like can
you find all the triangles in this
geometric feline hurry up you got 30
seconds
[Music]
faster only ten seconds left
time's up did you find 20 triangles if
so perfect and for the rest of us who
couldn't spot them all here they are
[Music]
number 10 it's time for the final
question anybody who's seen a chessboard
will swear it has 64 squares do you
believe it or do you want to
double-check I think we're gonna have to
work together to figure this one out so
share your answer in the comments below
good luck
[Music]
so how many of these riddles did you saw
let us know down below send this video
to your friends and see who does better
at it give this video a like and
subscribe to our channel not to miss any
of our updates remember life is better
on the bright side
[Music]